Add beginner friendly documentation (#102)
mobxjs/mobx-react-docz: content/getting_started/getting_started.mdx

> can skip the type declarations.

```tsx
import { observable, action, computed } from 'mobx'

class Animal {
  name: string
  species: string
  @observable energy: number

  constructor(name: string, species: string, energy: number = 100) {
    this.name = name
    this.species = species
    this.energy = energy
  }

  @action
  timePasses() {
    this.energy -= 10
  }

  @action
  feed() {
    this.energy += 50
    if (this.energy > 100) {
      this.energy = 100
    }
  }

  @computed
  get isHungry() {
    return this.energy < 50
  }
}

class Zoo {
  @observable animals: Animal[] = []

  @action
  addAnimal(animal: Animal) {
    this.animals.push(animal)
  }
}
```

## A React component that observes

We haven't used anything except plain MobX in this example. Now let's
create a React component to show information for an animal:

```tsx
import { Component } from 'react'
import { observer } from 'mobx-react'

const AnimalView = observer(({ animal }: { animal: Animal }) => {
  return (
    <div>
      {animal.name} is of species {animal.species} and is{' '}
      {animal.isHungry ? 'hungry' : 'not hungry'}.
    </div>
  )
})
```

> > These examples work with `mobx-react-lite` too. `mobx-react` expands
> > `mobx-react-lite` to have support for React class components. If you are
> > creating a new project that only uses React function components, you can use
> > `mobx-react-lite`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These examples are using `mobx-react` which builds on top of `mobx-react-lite`
> and adds support for React class components. If you are creating a new project
> that only uses React function components, you can use `mobx-react-lite`.
```

Let's create an instance of `Animal`:

```tsx
const fred = new Animal('Fred', 'hippo')
```

We can now render `fred`:

```tsx
<AnimalView animal={fred} />
```

The only special thing that `AnimalView` does compared to a normal React
function component is that it is wrapped in `observer` from `mobx-react`. This
makes `AnimalView` automatically re-render itself if anything that it observes
changes. In this case the observable information is the computed property

> `isHungry`, which in turn it based on the observable property `energy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`isHungry`, which in turn is based on the observable property `energy`.
```
